# TODOLIST

22. July 2023
It can currently be slightly difficult to see which elements are on the same row.
  In order to fix this, some kind of visual aid should be added.

  I attempted to make the background color of a row change when the cursor hovers over,
  however i found this to be problematic for two reasons. First of all, the
  elements that make up a row are not contained within a single element. This makes it difficult,
  if not impossible, to change the entire background color of a row ugly spots inbetween elements.
  Moreover, I also noticed that the compute power needed to implement this highlight was quite significant.

22. July 2023
I sometimes find it slightly difficult to distinguish between the titles of shows. Something should be done.
  idk what, though. I'm not a graphic designer.

23. July 2023
It'd be great if the user, which is to say me, didn't have to manually check for new episodes every day.
  It might be reasonable to assign each show a weekday - i.e. the day upon which a new episode is published.
  An alternative to that, might be a webscraper or API something something. Whatever the case may be, each service
  will require its own new-episode-checker.

26. July 2023
The program often has to restart in order to display changes. This could be changed if the keys of PySimpleGUI elements
  were their indices instead of id of the show displayed there. The show displayed could then be changed.

  UPDATE: PySimpleGUI keys are now set by index.
  UPDATE: The window no longer restarts when the order of shows changes. It might also be possible to use the
  extend_layout method to make restarts unnecessary even when new elements are added. but idk.

  UPDATE: A function to extend the layout has been added. This function does indeed extend the layout
  with the appropriate elements. However, it is not possible to scroll all the way, to actually see them.

  UPDATE: The fix to the aforementioned problem was quite weird, but it seems to be working fine now.

  UPDATE: It works. (When more rows are needed, they will be added WITHOUT restarting). Time to work on removing rows.

  DONE: It works as it should, i think...
        This To-do should be removed during the next update to this file.

        That ", i think..." carries a lot of weight right now. It seems that there might be some consistency issues
        with updating the scrollable area of the .shows_col column. With that said, i'll leave it be for now and
        come back to it if it becomes a problem. That also means that this To-do will not yet be deleted, but
        instead left for a bit.
